What I learned!

What did you change/enhance from part 1?
	I wanted to add a bit more to my home page, so I did some digging around
	and I found that Twitter has a really simply tool that allows you to create
	a widget that can be embedded that will display a Twitter feed. So, my homepage
	now displays my tweets.
	I also wanted to play around some more with APIs and JS, so I added a page that
	featured a map (courtesy of Google Maps). I did some research on the Google Maps
	API website and w3schools and found some cool little things you can do to a map,
	like adding a marker, animating it, and setting functions on it for clicks and such.
	Thirdly, I know this bit didn't make me learn much, but I embedded a YouTube video
	that is extremely informational and that everyone should watch. If you haven't seen
	it around on the internets, you're welcome.
	
If there was a third part to the class project, what would you like to implement?
	Hmm. Nothing I can think of. This project pretty much hit my goals for
	what I wanted to learn about basic web development!
	
What did you learn between part 1 and part 2?
	I think I learned a lot concerning JavaScript and how you can use it to make
	your site a lot more interesting. Along with JS, AJAX, DOM, and JQuery were
	things that I had heard about in passing but had never learned specifically about.
	It was really interesting learning all of the components that are behind the 
	operation of a website. It's simpler and more complex than I had previously thought!
	
What did you like about this project? How could it have been better?
	I really enjoyed the freedom we had to implement this project. However, sometimes
	that freedom made it difficult to figure out exactly what we had to do to meet
	the requirements. It was hard to figure out if it was "enough". I think one of my
	favorite parts was being able to play around with APIs. APIs allowed me to do so much
	more than I could have possibly done by myself, especially at my level. On a large 
	scale, APIs are like really big Legos that you can stick onto your Lego spaceship
	to give it all sorts of new features. But then you realize that that giant Lego is 
	actually comprised of millions of little tiny Legos that you can put together in all
	sorts of different configurations and make them in exactly the shape you want. They're
	awesome. Making websites is fun and pretty cool!